[Script Lab] Add article (#870)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/overview/explore-with-script-lab.md

---
title: Explore Office JavaScript API using Script Lab
description: Use Script Lab to explore the Office JS API and to prototype functionality.
ms.topic: article

> ms.date: 04/19/2019

Author: ```suggestion
ms.date: 04/23/2019
```

localization_priority: Normal
---

# Explore Office JavaScript API using Script Lab

> As you begin or continue to develop your Office add-in, there are several ways to explore the Office JavaScript API (for example, quick starts and tutorials) but the [Script Lab add-in](https://aka.ms/getscriptlab), which is available free from the Office store, enables you to do so in a sort of sand-boxed environment. Script Lab is also a great way to prototype and verify functionality you want to include in your add-in.

Reviewer: This first sentence should be broken up into smaller sentences.

> As you begin or continue to develop your Office add-in, there are several ways to explore the Office JavaScript API (for example, quick starts and tutorials) but the [Script Lab add-in](https://aka.ms/getscriptlab), which is available free from the Office store, enables you to do so in a sort of sand-boxed environment. Script Lab is also a great way to prototype and verify functionality you want to include in your add-in.

Reviewer: Consider leading with a statement about what Script Lab is.

## What is Script Lab?

> Script Lab is a tool for anyone who wants to learn about developing Office Add-ins for Excel, Word, PowerPoint, and Project using Office JS API. It provides IntelliSense so you can see what's available. You can use existing samples in an Office host application to quickly try out something or use a sample as the base for your own. Another cool thing is that, through Script Lab, you might be able to try beta or preview functionality like [custom functions](/office/dev/add-ins/excel/custom-functions-overview).

Reviewer: Consider going a step further than saying it has Intellisense and point out it uses the Monaco framework VS Code uses (or just that it's like VS Code).

> Script Lab is a tool for anyone who wants to learn about developing Office Add-ins for Excel, Word, PowerPoint, and Project using Office JS API. It provides IntelliSense so you can see what's available. You can use existing samples in an Office host application to quickly try out something or use a sample as the base for your own. Another cool thing is that, through Script Lab, you might be able to try beta or preview functionality like [custom functions](/office/dev/add-ins/excel/custom-functions-overview).

Reviewer: "you might be able to..." -> "you are able to"

> [!TIP]
> In order to participate in beta or preview, you may have to sign up for the [Office Insider program](https://products.office.com/office-insider).

Sounds good so far? Take a look at this one-minute teaser video to see Script Lab in action.

> [![Teaser video showing Script Lab being used in Excel, Word, and PowerPoint Online.](../images/screenshot-wide-youtube.png 'Script Lab teaser video')](https://aka.ms/scriptlabvideo)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[![Preiew video showing Script Lab running in Excel, Word, and PowerPoint Online.](../images/screenshot-wide-youtube.png 'Script Lab preview video')](https://aka.ms/scriptlabvideo)
```

> ## Supported clients

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Script Lab supported clients
```

> Script Lab is supported on the following clients for Excel, Word, PowerPoint, and Project where available.

Reviewer: Remove "where available"

> [!TIP]
> To participate in beta or preview, you may have to sign up for the [Office Insider program](https://products.office.com/office-insider).

Sounds good so far? Take a look at this one-minute video to see Script Lab in action.

[![Preview video showing Script Lab running in Excel, Word, and PowerPoint Online.](../images/screenshot-wide-youtube.png 'Script Lab preview video')](https://aka.ms/scriptlabvideo)

## Script Lab supported clients

Script Lab is supported for Excel, Word, and PowerPoint on the following clients.

- Office 365 for Windows
- Office 365 for Mac
- Office Online
- Office 2013 or later for Windows
- Office 2016 or later for Mac

## Next steps

> When you're ready to create your Office Add-in, try out the [5-minute quick start](/office/dev/add-ins/#5-minute-quick-starts) for your preferred Office application.

Author: ```suggestion
When you're ready to create your Office Add-in, see the [5-minute quick start](/office/dev/add-ins/#5-minute-quick-starts) for your preferred Office application.
```

- Office 2013 or later for Windows
- Office 2016 or later for Mac

## Next steps

> When you're ready to create your Office Add-in, try out the [5-minute quick start](/office/dev/add-ins/#5-minute-quick-starts) for your preferred Office application.

Reviewer 2: When you're ready to create your own Office Add-in, see the [5-minute quick start](/office/dev/add-ins/#5-minute-quick-starts) for your preferred Office application.
